# Introduction

The default Laravel Hyperf application structure follows by Laravel. It can provide you a great starting point for both large and small applications. You're free to organize your application however you like. But some directories such as `bootstrap`, `config`, `database` and `runtime` should remain due to the core design in Hyperf.

Here's how you directory structure looks like:

```plaintext:no-line-numbers
├── app
│   ├── Console
│   │   └── Commands
│   ├── Events
│   ├── Exceptions
│   │   └── Handlers
│   ├── Http
│   │   ├── Controllers
│   │   ├── Middleware
│   │   └── Requests
│   ├── Listeners
│   ├── Model
│   ├── Models
│   └── Providers
├── bin
├── bootstrap
├── config
├── database
│   ├── factories
│   ├── migrations
│   └── seeders
├── lang
│   ├── en
│   ├── zh_CN
│   └── zh_TW
├── routes
├── runtime
│   └── container
├── storage
│   ├── app
|   ├── framework
│   └── logs
└── tests
    ├── Feature
    └── Unit
```

## The Root Directory

#### The App Directory

The `app` directory contains the core code of your application. We'll explore this directory in more detail soon; however, almost all of the classes in your application will be in this directory.

#### The Bootstrap Directory

The `bootstrap` directory contains the `app.php` file which bootstraps the framework.

#### The Bin Directory

The `bin` directory contains the `hyperf.php` file which defines `BASE_PATH` and running application loaded from `bootstrap.app`.

#### The Runtime Directory

This directory stores files generated by Hyperf during runtime. It houses a `container` directory which contains framework generated files for caching the scanning result.

#### The Config Directory

The `config` directory, as the name implies, contains all of your application's configuration files. It's a great idea to read through all of these files and familiarize yourself with all of the options available to you.

::: warning
There's additional `autoload` directory inside `config` in Hyperf. This folder is removed in Laravel Hyperf. All the config files are flattened as Laravel does.

`hyperf.php` is preserved for the compatibility of root configs in Hyperf. All the configs here will not include any prefixes. And all the configs in `config/config.php` are moved to `config/app.php` in Laravel Hyperf.
:::

#### The Database Directory

The `database` directory contains your database migrations, model factories, and seeds. If you wish, you may also use this directory to hold an SQLite database.

#### The Resources Directory

The `resources` directory contains your [views](/docs/views.html) as well as your raw, un-compiled assets such as CSS or JavaScript.

#### The Lang Directory

The `lang` directory contains the translation files. Within this directory, there may be subdirectories for each language supported by the application. This is the approach Laravel Hyperf uses to manage translation strings for built-in features such as validation error messages.

#### The Routes Directory

The `routes` directory contains all of the route definitions for your application. By default, three route files are included with Laravel Hyperf: `web.php`, `api.php` and `console.php`.

The `web.php` file contains routes that serves common requests such as views, files in Laravel Hyperf.

The `api.php` file contains routes that are intended to be stateless, so requests entering the application through these routes are intended to be authenticated and will not have access to session state.

::: tip
Middleware groups are not applied to `web.php` and `api.php`. You can set them manually if in need.
:::

The `console.php` file is where you may define all of your closure based console commands. Each closure is bound to a command instance allowing a simple approach to interacting with each command's IO methods. Even though this file does not define HTTP routes, it defines console based entry points (routes) into your application. You may also [schedule](/docs/scheduling.html) tasks in the `console.php` file.

#### The Storage Directory

The `storage` directory contains your logs, compiled Blade templates, file caches, and other files generated by the framework. This directory is segregated into `app`, `framework`, and `logs` directories. The `app` directory may be used to store any files generated by your application. The `framework` directory is used to store caches (and framework generated files in the future). Finally, the `logs` directory contains your application's log files.

The `storage/app/public` directory may be used to store user-generated files, such as profile avatars, that should be publicly accessible. You should create a symbolic link at `public/storage` which points to this directory.

#### The Tests Directory

The `tests` directory contains your automated tests. Example [Pest](https://pestphp.com) or [PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/) unit tests and feature tests are provided out of the box. Each test class should be suffixed with the word `Test`. You may run your tests using the `/vendor/bin/pest` or `/vendor/bin/phpunit` commands.

::: note
Pest package is not installed by default. You can install it by running:
```shell:no-line-numbers
composer require pestphp/pest --dev
```
:::

## The App Directory

The majority of your application is housed in the `app` directory. By default, this directory is namespaced under `App` and is autoloaded by Composer using the [PSR-4 autoloading standard](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-4/).

The `app` directory contains a variety of additional directories such as `Console`, `Http`, and `Providers`. Think of the `Console` and `Http` directories as providing an API into the core of your application. The HTTP protocol and CLI are both mechanisms to interact with your application, but do not actually contain application logic. In other words, they are two ways of issuing commands to your application. The `Console` directory contains all of your Artisan commands, while the `Http` directory contains your controllers, middleware, and requests.

::: note
Many of the classes in the `app` directory can be generated by Hyperf via commands. To review the available commands, run the `php hyperf list make` command in your terminal.
:::

#### The Console Directory

The `Console` directory contains all of the custom Hyperf commands for your application. These commands may be generated using the `make:command` command. This directory also houses your console kernel, which is where your custom Hyperf commands are registered and your [scheduled tasks](/docs/scheduling.html) are defined.

#### The Events Directory

The `Events` directory houses [event classes](/docs/events.html). Events may be used to alert other parts of your application that a given action has occurred, providing a great deal of flexibility and decoupling.

#### The Exceptions Directory

The `Exceptions` directory is a good place to place any exceptions thrown by your application. Also, there's a `Handlers` directory to keep your application's exception handlers. If you would like to customize how your exceptions are logged or rendered, you should modify the `ApiExceptionHandler` class in this directory.

::: note
Exception handlers in Hyperf is chainable. You can design multiple exception handlers for different responsibilities for your application.
:::

#### The Http Directory

The `Http` directory contains your controllers, middleware, and form requests. Almost all of the logic to handle requests entering your application will be placed in this directory.

#### The Listeners Directory

The `Listeners` directory contains the classes that handle your [events](/docs/events.html). Event listeners receive an event instance and perform logic in response to the event being fired. For example, a `UserRegistered` event might be handled by a `SendWelcomeEmail` listener. If you execute the `make:listener` command, listener classes will be placed in this directory.

#### The Models Directory

The `Models` directory contains all of your [Eloquent model classes](/docs/eloquent.html). The Eloquent ORM included with Laravel Hyperf provides a beautiful, simple ActiveRecord implementation for working with your database. Each database table has a corresponding "Model" which is used to interact with that table. Models allow you to query for data in your tables, as well as insert new records into the table.

#### The Providers Directory

The `Providers` directory contains all of the [service providers](/docs/providers.html) for your application. Service providers bootstrap your application by binding services in the service container, registering events, or performing any other tasks to prepare your application for incoming requests.

In a fresh Laravel Hyperf application, this directory will already contain several providers. You are free to add your own providers to this directory as needed.

